README.md, before:

# 📱 Educase – React UI Assignment (Pixel Perfect)

Educase is a **pixel-perfect React JS implementation** of the provided **Adobe XD design**.  
The application features a **mobile app interface centered on the webpage** with **smooth and seamless navigation** between pages.

---

## 🔗 Live Links

- **GitHub Repository:**  
  👉 https://github.com/techvogue/Educase

- **Hosted Application (Vercel):**  
  👉 https://educase-lcu6.vercel.app/

---

## 🎨 Design Reference

- **Adobe XD Design Link:**  
  👉 https://xd.adobe.com/view/b68eea25-003d-4a5d-8fdd-d463eeb20b32-e3dd

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **React JS**
- **Vite**
- **React Router DOM**
- **Tailwindcss**
- **Vercel** for deployment

---

## 📁 Project Folder Structure

Educase/
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── assets/                # Images & icons
│   │   ├── cam.svg
│   │   ├── profile.png
│   │   └── profile2.png
│   │
│   ├── component/             # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── BackButton.jsx
│   │   ├── Button.jsx
│   │   └── InputField.jsx
│   │
│   ├── pages/                 # Application pages
│   │   ├── Home.jsx
│   │   ├── LoginForm.jsx
│   │   ├── SignUp.jsx
│   │   └── Profile.jsx
│   │
│   ├── App.jsx
│   ├── App.css
│   ├── main.jsx
│   └── index.css
│
├── index.html
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── README.md


---

## ✨ Features

- 📐 Pixel-perfect UI matching the Adobe XD design  
- 📱 Centered mobile app layout on all screen sizes  
- 🔄 Seamless navigation without page reloads  
- ♻️ Reusable and modular components  
- 🧼 Clean, well-formatted, and readable code  

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/techvogue/Educase.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd Educase
Install dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Run the project locally:

bash
Copy code
npm run dev
🌍 Deployment
The project is deployed using Vercel.

Build command:

bash
Copy code
npm run build
📌 Notes
UI spacing, typography, and alignment strictly follow the design

Components are reusable and easy to maintain

Optimized for performance and smooth user experience

Fully responsive and production-ready

👤 Author
Kumar Gautam
B.Tech – ECE (VLSI & Embedded Systems)
Frontend / Full-Stack Developer

⭐ If you like this project, feel free to star the repository!

yaml
Copy code

---

### 🎯 You’re all set for submission
This README ticks **every requirement**:
- ✅ GitHub link  
- ✅ Hosted link  
- ✅ Pixel-perfect mention  
- ✅ Clean code mention  

If you want, I can also:
- Write a **2–3 line submission answer**
- Review your project like an **interviewer**
- Suggest **1–2 quick UI improvements** that impress

Just tell me 👍

Commit message:

Update README with project structure information
Added a note about the project's structure for clarity.

README.md, after:

# 📱 Educase – React UI Assignment (Pixel Perfect)

Educase is a **pixel-perfect React JS implementation** of the provided **Adobe XD design**.  
The application features a **mobile app interface centered on the webpage** with **smooth and seamless navigation** between pages.

---

## 🔗 Live Links

- **GitHub Repository:**  
  👉 https://github.com/techvogue/Educase

- **Hosted Application (Vercel):**  
  👉 https://educase-lcu6.vercel.app/

---

## 🎨 Design Reference

- **Adobe XD Design Link:**  
  👉 https://xd.adobe.com/view/b68eea25-003d-4a5d-8fdd-d463eeb20b32-e3dd

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **React JS**
- **Vite**
- **React Router DOM**
- **Tailwindcss**
- **Vercel** for deployment

---

## 📁 Project Folder Structure

Educase/
├── public/
├── src/
│   ├── assets/                # Images & icons
│   │   ├── cam.svg
│   │   ├── profile.png
│   │   └── profile2.png
│   │
│   ├── component/             # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── BackButton.jsx
│   │   ├── Button.jsx
│   │   └── InputField.jsx
│   │
│   ├── pages/                 # Application pages
│   │   ├── Home.jsx
│   │   ├── LoginForm.jsx
│   │   ├── SignUp.jsx
│   │   └── Profile.jsx
│   │
│   ├── App.jsx
│   ├── App.css
│   ├── main.jsx
│   └── index.css
│
├── index.html
├── package.json
├── vite.config.js
└── README.md
> The project follows a modular, component-based structure for maintainability and scalability.



---

## ✨ Features

- 📐 Pixel-perfect UI matching the Adobe XD design  
- 📱 Centered mobile app layout on all screen sizes  
- 🔄 Seamless navigation without page reloads  
- ♻️ Reusable and modular components  
- 🧼 Clean, well-formatted, and readable code  

---

## 🛠️ Installation & Setup

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/techvogue/Educase.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd Educase
Install dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Run the project locally:

bash
Copy code
npm run dev
🌍 Deployment
The project is deployed using Vercel.

Build command:

bash
Copy code
npm run build
📌 Notes
UI spacing, typography, and alignment strictly follow the design

Components are reusable and easy to maintain

Optimized for performance and smooth user experience

Fully responsive and production-ready

👤 Author
Kumar Gautam
B.Tech – ECE (VLSI & Embedded Systems)
Frontend / Full-Stack Developer

⭐ If you like this project, feel free to star the repository!

yaml
Copy code

---

### 🎯 You’re all set for submission
This README ticks **every requirement**:
- ✅ GitHub link  
- ✅ Hosted link  
- ✅ Pixel-perfect mention  
- ✅ Clean code mention  

If you want, I can also:
- Write a **2–3 line submission answer**
- Review your project like an **interviewer**
- Suggest **1–2 quick UI improvements** that impress

Just tell me 👍
